Refactor(eos_cli_config_gen): Move eos_cli_config_gen to pyavd (#4117)
aristanetworks/avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_cli_config_gen/templates/MOVED_TO_PYAVD.txt

> Templates have been moved to PyAVD.

Reviewer: Maybe mention a folder to help devs? I will add the same for eos_designs.

> Most of the eos_cli_config_gen templates have been moved to PyAVD in the folder  `/python-avd/pyavd/_eos_cli_config_gen/j2templates"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the eos_cli_config_gen templates have been moved to PyAVD in the folder "/python-avd/pyavd/_eos_cli_config_gen/j2templates"
```

> Most of the eos_cli_config_gen templates have been moved to PyAVD in the folder  "/python-avd/pyavd/_eos_cli_config_gen/j2templates"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All eos_cli_config_gen templates except "custom-templates.j2" have been moved to PyAVD in the folder  "/python-avd/pyavd/_eos_cli_config_gen/j2templates"
```
